hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing another read-a-thon vlog but
this one's slightly different because
I'm going to be reading at some of my
old favorite childhood books I'm only
gonna make this a 10 hour read-a-thon so
I limped over to make myself some taste
and I have this with a peanut butter and
jam this morning and at the table I was
going to start a Harry Potter but I
didn't want to ruin the book with Jam
covered fingers so I started with Mary
Towers first this is the first book in
the series and I loved the Mallory
Towers books when I was younger so this
is definitely a good way to start this
read-a-thon it's always a wonderful
going back to you old books here I'm
currently reading fast time at Mallory
Towers basically inspired to read this
because of the new BBC show it just come
out which I'm sure you've seen but my
mum and I've been watching it so that's
pretty good I'm currently on page 42
chapter 6 I don't even know if I ever
read the first book in the series
[Music]
[Applause]
okay it's 11:30 and I've just finished
first hunt Mallory Tallis I am very much
behind on this I thought I'd be reading
this quicker than I am but I'm really
loving relishing these old children's
books so the next one I'm going to read
is the line the witch in the wardrobe
and I am looking forward to reading this
one I think it's it's a really nice copy
I believe this is my mom's when
she was little so yes as I said I next
read the line which in the wardrobe
which my mum would read us a lot when we
were little and so this was lovely to
read it began especially because the
illustrations are so pretty
[Music]
I just finished the line which in the
wardrobe which it's just such a lovely
book I cannot tell you how wonderful it
is to return to your old childhood
favorite I'm so glad I'm doing this it's
putting me in such a good headspace and
I really recommend that you take a day
out to do this to you but so the next
book I'm going to read is Alice Through
the Looking Glass and funnily enough
when I was a kid I didn't own Alice in
Wonderland
I'm so excited to read this one three
books in one I'm gonna read the third
book in the series because that was my
favorite so the magic faraway tree was
my favorite book when I was around seven
and I just particularly loved the sweets
that Mian face would give the children's
you had these hot and cold ones that
went between being really hot and really
cold and also these ones that popped and
exploded in your mouth in there were
Toffees and it was just one of those
beautiful books to return to you
healthy lunch I'm having a chocolate
filled vegan croissant with braids and
really breeze thank you
I just made some curry hummus something
and have it with some crackers can we
just for a second appreciate that this
book cost six pounds ninety-nine for
this massive book with three books
contained within earth this makes me
jealous of children's book shopping I
just finished the magic faraway tree and
it brought back so many great memories
because that was my favorite book when I
was like 7 years old so I was going to
read this one but it's so young I just I
think it's just gonna be so tiresome so
I'm not gonna read that one we've got
the witches princess maribel i loved
princess maribel my favorite Jacqueline
Wilson book was bad girls anyway I loved
it so much so I think I'm gonna read
that Jacqueline Wilson literally it was
my favorite author when I was younger in
fact when I was in if I think I was
banned from reading Jacqueline Wilson
anymore because it was all I was reading
I'm gonna read this one I've still got a
lot of my jacket animals and books and
all of them
let's get reading this bad girls was
another one which was so great to return
to I found it so amusing and I kept on
laughing out loud at some bits
Jacqueline Wilson is a funny writer as
you can see in these clips I am a lot
more distracted because my sister mom
decided that they were going to come in
and read alongside me but my sister
finds it very hard to concentrate it
seems um so we kept on talking but
that's fine because it was still really
good fun
I got to say I have read this book quite
a few times I think this is probably my
third time reading it because when I
read it in year five I really enjoyed
this cat Gatsby book it is my favorite
one I didn't know why I like this one so
much but it's good as you can see I
moved on to scarlet by Kathy Cassidy
which I was kind of different to how I
remember it I thought that the character
was older than 12 but she's only 12
and that doesn't that was just quite
shocking for me because I thought she
was maybe 14 so I decided to take this
book outside i sat with my leg still
elevated and then I went and sat on the
grass as well and this was really nice
sat outside reading for the first time
in a week I just haven't been outside
the kids I've been able to walk and then
make artistic while to come so this is
so so nice I can't even tell you
and I'm on page 143 I'm taking all of
these books super super slow because I
haven't read them in so long and it's
just so nice to slip back into the
mindset that you would end when you fast
write a book it's like a sense memory or
remembering something from a smell I
think in older so I'm currently reading
the wonderful Hattie feather this was
one of my favorite favorite books when I
read it I read this on it was it when I
first came out I read it in 2009 or 10 I
was in year 5 I remember that yes it
came out in 2009 so I read it here it
came out I remember this being a new
book I love teddy feather like I think
everyone who read this series loved it I
didn't end up reading Dimond that was
the final book in the series and I was
just a little too old for it when it
came out I think I was maybe 13 or 14 oh
my gosh rereading this book again I
probably read this book four or five
times and rereading it now all these
years later I I'm just filled with such
nostalgia I thought she was emotional
like reading about this fierce love
between Hattie and jam I mean I'm only
on page 143
so I'm they've just arrived at the
foundling hospital and the love that
they have for each other it's just
heartbreaking
I'll come on the cart with you said jam
hash Hattie I'm coming too you'll miss a
morning school said mother what school
when I can be with Hattie for an hour
longer said Jam you can't come jam samp
has business in town and won't be able
to take you back in the cart then I'll
walk back said Jam he said it as if
seven miles as a short stroll he sounded
so firm that mother didn't argue with
him father how oh my gosh it breaks your
heart say they're arriving at the
foundling hospital now and this is
actually a postcard I got at the funny
school I get the questions about this
sometimes actually Museum which is the
site of the old foundling hospital so I
finished Hettie feather at about 8:30
and it was just as good as I remember it
being so thank you so much for watching
this read-a-thon I hope that you enjoyed
watching it I managed to read seven of
my old favorite childhood favorites
today and I would strongly encourage you
to try and do something similar because
it is so lovely so thank you so much for
watching and I hope that you have a
productive week